# Furry-Exclusion-
We're not going to lie, most aspects of the furry culture give us an uncomfortable fullness of the bladder and a complete apathy about keeping our pants dry. Still, there are characters within the culture even we can admit are nine kinds of hot. Since you all seemed to enjoy our Hottest Women of Children's Television, we decided to up the ante and give you the ten sexiest furries along with links to pictures that should leave little to the imagination.  A final warning, NSFW. Not even a little mercy would be showed when you get to the “HazBin Hotel” where you’ll find the furries there will be the awakening of the HeluvaBoss.
The history of the furry fandom is the collective history of science fiction, cartooning, animation, tabletop gaming, role-playing, costuming, and countless other fan communities. Anthropomorphic, or human-like, characters have existed since the earliest examples of human artwork. However, dedicated fans to this genre, in the context of modern fandom, have only come into being in the last forty years.
Fans of funny animal characters, such as those seen in Disney animation and comics or underground comics such as Fritz the Cat, formed the first organized groups in the mid-1970s as artist-centric Amateur Press Associations. Concurrently with the independent comic book boom of the early 1980s, numerous titles featuring anthropomorphic characters rose to prominence, including Albedo Anthropomorphics, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, and Usagi Yojimbo.
As a result of the popularity of these works, fans outside of the preexisting funny animal artist groups organized the first general fan parties in the mid-1980s. Based around the shared appreciation of animal characters, the gatherings initially took place at room parties at science fiction conventions, but notably consisted of fans of comics, media such as Star Trek, or even literature such as Watership Down. The diverse population of attendees at these early general parties was the first to dub themselves furry fans.
